you  already know my perspective is that
a  political
and  the leaders of old in it are political actors
some  of them very self aware political actors and some of them kind of sleep walking
the
sleep  was in a way into the roll or sleep puckaway out the role but look
not  everybody can be bill
bill  clinton in his hate was famous for his ability to
walk  into a macdonalds and shake the hands of every employee in the mc donalds and make
them  feel special make them feel like they were the centre of his world they had his
undivided  attention for those few minutes
i  remember at was specifically from the macdonalds i believe was in the lead up to
bill  clinton's first election
could  have been a re election
were  he entertains any wasn't planned the other people working with them they were as he spontaneously
insisted  that the whole party of people who were with him go to a particular mc
and  you know everybody there the dies the bus boys wiping on
the  tables and the people flying the french fries in the back he took the time to
shake  their hands and look in their eyes and make them feel like you
you  are the backbone of this at
you  are the future of america without people like you america can't stand up you
are  the backbone of this nation
we  were really feeling yet that magnetic and yet magnanimity
but  him that course is completely pony enemy it has a certain
now  a certain kind of political power to it of moipu him into power and i
still  had it when he went out of power but a means to say as i'm not a fan of the clinton team
of  the ethical decisions humanlike the political decisions man his life and even now bill clinton believed
her  not still as a dietary began i've never referred him say that he's ethical
but  contrary to sell a fallacious rumors in the press
bill  clinton is actually still a dietary feet and so he's part of our boyish
own  strange way now if people were complaining
that  compared to bill clinton
ideas  don't have what it takes you know to communicate with my audience to communicate with my supporters
were  to sit down in a room of my detractors my critics madame's attuned to it my friend i'd say he you
know  what you got a point not everybody's but life and i cannot think of myself as
the  bill clinton of the region its back prisoner future and anyone what you
bet  you pick the good example and i can completely own up to not being a notice
level  in that way any of not motivated in the same way to clinton is
you  know i got in
and  indeed if i was more involved a canadian party politics i also wouldn't operate let oinometer
the  things both ethically and in terms of respect i really don't like the light o people
and  i think that bill clinton's act involved quite a lot of lying either the wise are flattering even if
the  lives are warmly
but  look enough about that what absurd to me is just in the last three days have seen many
many  comments and criticisms directed my way
then  of her this over the years of her this many times with osiris but especially last few days
the  criticism that runs as follows the first say you know this got eyes or with the guy
about  as
he  is brilliant he is locked contribute the movement he's intelligent
but
you  know he's got
he  just can't communicate with people who can't go opera with people i can't
can't  discuss politics of the
really  what it comes to
compared  to what
what  striking about this is
well  are you comparing me to richard
to  begin
are  you comparing me to brian jack
are  you compare me to freely freely it was that some horrible misanthropic tirades and
and  he was a senior so many of the specially against other females one
being  an unbelievably cruel battle axe in a belittling people and humiliating
people
you  know the worst way possible
who  am i being compared to her and richard you know he's he's very good at certain things
is  very good at reading a whole bunch of pure gate scientific articles and put in together a brace
of  that information in a way that you know interesting and
and  tell me something useful about after sclerosis or
he's  very good that however richard himself believes he has some kind
of  undiagnosed mental problem he talks a lot but a social awkwardness you i've
done  just one conversation by skip with richard breadth addio and video
and  many problems he complains of it himself openly like in his recent video but his marriage you know the problems he
has  communicating i can really see them in that conversation we talk to him and he doesn't react
and  you go iconology at him but you wondering did you hear what i just said and there are just
weird  pauses and silences and a target he's aware of it he talks about it himself
he  says he says he has so galopade and you know he used to you know pondereth
not  head a condition like being associate scope
he  ponders on that lot he is someone who has trouble community another
so  all
you  know these other people in the game so what i'm sorry i forget the actual
but  recently
white  sides we
a  c emily came out of the closet his having one of the
artistic  spectrum do
i  wonder if i wonder if one day a swazi and natural began will
come  out of the close of his having some kind of artistic
a
you  know there are a lot of people here on you
communicate  political ideas
for  many many hours of video for year who actually have really really serious
difficulty  committee
so  in that context i mean it's funny to say but no i'm not bill clinton
i  don't play his game by his rules and i don't have his kind of charm and i
don't  you mother a famous quote from the i think it was queen victoria i'm
sorry  i may be quoting the wrong queen one of the queens of
and  she said let's say it was clear
she  said you know this prime minister is caressing two different
this  prime minister was a brilliant man
because  when i spoke to him
he  made me feel that he
was  the most brilliant man in
but  this other prime minister who came later
he  had the more refined art
because  when i was talking to him
he  made me feel as if i was the most reliable men at all
and  i i guess it's that second skill you know that bill cleaned not
impressing  you with his intelligence just making you feel it give a center of his world for those few
minutes  that you are the greatest thing that you're an it's not the bill clinton may you feel inspired
by  him he made you think that you are inspiration that bill clinton you know and plasters
more  than a wiolate game and there are different players who bring
skills  to it
but  yes it is bizarre to be
that  so many people want to come out with that when the contrast is
to  somebody like
do  you often
do  i think i'm worse at communication exactly this kind
the  gilyarovsky
we  just looked at a budget clips i'm not going to put the clips and again of garrote screaming blue
murder  screaming violent offensive nonsense at in a journalist
in  israel we've seen him loses temper and give these kinds of violent tirades so many times
in  these kinds of forms and you know okay you can sit there and use your
mind's  eye and you can imagine what kind of interview you think i would give if i will put
that  to show i'm not saying on the best person you know what may be brannagan fruits and
would  do it even better the job to me maybe maybe richard i mean on a good day which
you  probably could do a good interviewing that said no i definitive richard would do a better job that you you skittishly
but  i say richard is little bit socially a donation she's now named the disorder
she  has
i  don't know what she's ascription judges but unnatural began whenever she's
not  reading a script she's terrible on camera i mean the ability to talk during the life stream or spontaneous enerves
absolute  garbage
and  again i don't know what there is a different people bring different skills to the game one
of  my brothers is a very talented musician
talk  worth a down and i have another brother who talks a real good
game  but unfortunate use those skills just to get himself drunk and stoned and lay
i  slept with a huge number of
not  every one who's got the gift of the gab decides to use it to organize
a  dissident political movement
did  you not stop with me you got choices go to granada fruits and channel
if  you like her swag if you think she does a better game take with
you  know
shoot  every one who's playing
because  this is a game in which everybody gets to make the
and  i gave a breakfus an award for most improved chance
people  get older people change
i'm  really not saying it is supper if you look at what she did a couple of years ago compared to what she's
doing  to day she's improved a lot may be at some point her content is going to get more profound and more
even  somebody showed it to supreme banana you know life is long she's goin to get
bored  of doing waireka rant video sort is bored she's clinically depressed she's miserable with
her
she  totally move on to do it more substantive content or being more of an articulate political ear totally
do  it eclipse me leave me in your dust and i'll be
you  know this is not a zero some game everybody's fond their own rules if you can succeed
in  your way i'm going to cure you on and how you can cheer me on when i'm in my tiny lane
with  my tiny audience talking of things that are not interest
you  know a couple of thousand people stop by that's wonderful i appreciate you have just about
two  hundred supporters on patriot that's wonderful i appreciate you but how big do you think the total size
of  this
all  right i'm going to read a respond to criticism from a viewer
some  people think i politics i do all the time goderich now for
a  thousand times tonsils doing that i just mentioned by the way
i'm  not really begun over hiding the health benefits of the
but  right now
four  hours
i  fell asleep last night at two a m to the lifted weights until about one thirty
a  m
four  hours of sleep and i just did a balfour hours of
he  about four when our ear
all  great
you  do not know i would feel even better if i tend hours asleep though the but is actually
times  like this you know it's really in illness or when you kindess
when  the other that i noticed the subtle health and
being  began in transforming into super
but  i do have smoked benefits and right now i'm really feeling it because i had a great day i've had four
hours  of sleep and actually my day was
stress  on some ways but i hope with the stress bime
and  it now it's not a clock at night
recording  this video feeling great
so  i would that have been noted if this was in color you could see i do have red eyes and
do  some signs and
but
people  as this is an anonymous comment i receive
ah
start  assuming it's a female author
she  starts by saying everybody who's gone to begin the last ten years has
been  forced by gary rose
okay  but is that influence positive or negative
is  not the deepest
but  that's the type of question i get into
and  i am of the opinion the very well informed
negative
have  i been enforced by gary rocky well a produce videos criticizing him
in  a sense i have
this  is the lowest wrong of political evaluation i've been influenced by
bill  clinton too but
these  means position menemon of the future
of  the began movement on the career of billington
ah  she complained
people  have misquoted gary rocks
taking  out a contact
and  demonized
for  his
okay
so  let me ask you anonymous
do  you think that's happened to me
you've  just said darius
has  that or had that not happened
am  i or am i not right now in a court case with the raigecourt
dat  is coming right up and finally fling back the chain might at my next day in court man
have  i not suffered the slings and arrows of
i'm  still in court for a moon divorce also for custody of my daughter
in  theory the kind of definition i suffer and one could affect the other have i not been defined
by  people
saying  unforgivable things about you know my marriage and divorce my wife my daughter my sex
and  you know all kinds of people but during rider is an extreme ease
what  you said
my  new girlfriend let the first time i talked to her dad
you  know obviously her dad and her brothers all
you  know the kind of hard questions but that's like well why is there so much defamation
i  set them was
in  the first century
you  are a political
no  matter how tiny
you  deal with the same kind of diet
political
you  have an effect the disadvantages of
without  any of the
i  accept the fact that if i want to play this role if i just when i come on the internet and talk
of  a pale
i  have to deal with criticism both reasonable and unreason
i  have to deal with sadly criminal defamation that sometimes goes to
a  criminal court to be addressed and if i were in formal politics
if  i were with canada and a new democrat party are left in
i  would have to deal with all of this
also
but
i  would be doing it for a cause
began
i
and  that's why it's worth while
we  come on the
i  had we more hits we more viewers when i did videos of the game a throne
niani  that's a book series that's also at
at  my first video on that got over ten thousand peers hunyadi ence
way  or positive audience will more appreciative
then  what i have
i  read in the future of idomeneo tarkington
it's  a series of books i care about saturating him partly
for  political reasons
if  i were chasing views i would have gone to that land state their post racing you tube money
fundamentally
egoism  is a cause i care
the  future of the movement that makes this work
it
so  what you can tell me the future of the movement just doesn't make it worth while for gary
because  because
what  you said because people of misquoted him
taking  a out of context antinous really
well  i did do continue be with that yes or no
every  third rate politician for the republican party running for state
caucus  and iowa running for village alderman at anything nobody else has dealt
it  really
i  think if you're looking at the balance
gary  rosky is one
he  got a lot of reward for
for  suffering very little
and
i  continue quote
if  his sacrifice
the  guy had literally given his life
for  the
he  has not
literally
got  two different angles i want to take
by  the way this is a completely unreal
i  have the letter
four  hours of
he  is not literally given his life that would be in for the cause
but  implicit in your approach here
is  a fundamentally christian mind set culturally christian
sacrifice
is  what makes somthing
self
you  got to die on the cross
for  the
i  don't see the world
culturally  again once by christianity too i talked with that in my recent beethoven's
stating  the guns my conversation with
the  gardes great series of videos
really  down to earth conversation but i said look you know what i turned a corner in my life i
even  think in my romantic relation
so  sacrifice was this crucial value and had to stop him realize
really  doesn't
he  hasn't
give  it up his life
literal  sense as you say literally
well  you got to remember i don't measure the value of some one's country
but  how much it
from  their life
i  measure it by how much it and
the  lives of
and  your attitude here writing this you may not be aware of it is the opposite
totally  based on
a  picture of gary rose as super victim
the  because he suffered so much
must  be morally pure he must be morally good and how dare i question
the  value of his intellectual
his  political
that's  the angle
on  a profound level
i  speak as if gilyarovsky
i
i  speak as if
gurowski  did not sacrifice
it  would be totally unreasonable
to  say i sacrificed
years  of my life
it  will be totally ever usable for ye to say i've sacrificed two years of my life to publish a children's story book
that  would be ludicrous hyperbole literate even though those
are  things i've had going on in my life for three years in two years
the  book is probably going to take
last  not
right  my court case has been going on for almost a
these  things are a part of your life garakontie ninety nine
was  a
part  time supply teacher
people  donated so much money to him
that  he could quit that job
and  pursue his dream
full  time
dream
activism  that's not that's not sacrificing its not that he passionately wanted to be
a  part time supply the
and  yet the sacrifice that
to  be of egnatius
okay  that's what makes his retirement letter
so  incoherent this was his dream
he  was supposed to be living his dream because of money that his supporters donated to him that enabled him to
and  instead he is now telling you will forget it doesn't matter how much money you give me
because  begins are a bunch of old unwashed hippies uncle
who  are quoted pacifist unquote he can't deal with the criticism
from  passivists
by  mail
so  he's quitting the movement he retired before from his job as a parent
retiring  now
from
his  rule his dream job the degraded from self and the donors like you enabled
being  a spear
for  the began
you  say anonymous author you say that the guy has given his life
because  of the number of lectures
i
years  i'm sorry this
he  gives a certain number of lectures in its
no
i  gave four lectures to day
in  one day i gave four university level lectures and only give your obtains
not  the same lecture over and over again this week i lectured on plato next
week  an inelegant aristotle
gates  and i lecture simultaneously in chinese and english
but  yes i speak english much better than i speak chinese but i malvoise in english and then explain
in  chinese and right words and chinese in the black board at this is high level reasoning when
i'm  in the case
i  did that for four hours to day and i'm not too worn out now to come on you to but
i'm  not so fitting like arising about it you know why okay so you can add up
how  many lectures are given a year you could add up to lecture to give on you tube and however many hundred lectures i give at the university
and  other contents of the year negatived so many hundred lectures i wouldn't say i'm i'm suffering
are  you joking
people  people live for this people love this
are  we robes roll has been fundamentally like a stand a comedian
like  a stand a comedian he never needs any new material he told the same
jokes  again and again for more than ten years
every  university professor i know every single one
gives  more lectures than gary rose
we  do to it in this line of work whether it is stand up comedy
or  university level teach
there  are human beings who every week give twelve lectures eighteen lectures
and  its not repeating the same old story over and over again okay in many ways the
path  carrasco's himself his dream job that he chose her
was  to travel from town to town
not  so different from
except  there was no pressure on it to be funny he did not to please the crowd could be his angry and self
indulgent  as he wanted to
material  the same jokes again to get and that is exactly what
that  is what he did and tell in his own words he drove himself
and  he drove himself crazy because this methodology is pushed his philosophy as butshead
politically  the road he chose from self is a self defeating
dead  and
that's  why my first video i said it is a philosophy
steady  to political philosophy that puts in
untenanted  right there but let's go through the rest of this criticism set
ingworth
a
she  says gary has tried every approach he has been there done that on the t shirt has
said  this before
and  the approach he arrived at has been the most effective
et  cetera you know this is really like the whole line of reasoning in the video
of  saying he suffered some
he  tried to the approaches and they failed and then he read this approach and also failed yet he said a lot
of  failure he had a lot of heart breaking
on  some level i can sympathise that but this is actually not an argument
the  great leader
you  say as it's orontea opposite
you  know who hasn't been a failure by contrast
are
physicians  committee for responsible men
they  have a methodology that works
they  ever method alladeen get you put in prison
that  doesn't make you look like a buffoon on israelite vision that doesn't involve you know death
threats  and this violent you know in an nonsense here groused quotes
my  last video before this has direct quotations showing this guy screaming about
holding  people at gun point and making
yeah  you know what it depends on who you're comparing galeotto
i  was saying before
it's  a different thing if you compare me to bill clinton where you compare me to carry her off sky
there  orders of magnitude in
you  say gary has tried every approach no he hasn't he's tried a couple and
they  all left him a broken bitter failure
so  hating failure a self having began who now blames
other  begins
for  his own decision to quit the movement
pathetic  on many different levels
a
but  ye battalion
i'm  not going to respect him more for his failure yeah maybe can sympathize maybe i can precipitate
larothiere  you can learn a lot from the study of filomeno thing you can learn a lot right now from stating the
ways  in which decision to recharter worse you can squireling pea
people  for that trueman imams studying both their successes and their failures they have both
you  know
you  can learn a lot from that no question
the  picture you're trying to paint here of very rocky and trying to raise him above
criticism
and  trying to suggest that he has
too  to figure for me to criticize the wyandot is that he has suffered so much
and  that he failed
yea  and those i completely concertos points carry rocky is a long suffering
failure
her  physicians committee for responsible made
there  coming out of the game
you  know what they haven't called peace or am and carry your okte both get interviewed
you  think there are some differences in how the news reporters view them at the end of hinterview
how  the audience use them what the outcomes are not just for the banister of the began movement
turns  to political outcome
here  were you at is not the only guy getting on the t v news okay
dr  john mc dougall with his starch base diet he is potatoes a lot
but  he is not regarded in the odious way the carcasses
there  were other comparisons to make here of leading pictures who are not
self  destructive might let self described misanthropes
i  don't think misanthropy explained this guy's problem at all you know
so  yeah
you  got to look at it in this kind of an
so  christie on to say quote it doesn't surprise me that you are using this opportunity
to  further your own present
as  that person
he
close  quote so she suggesting that i
want  the same job
that
your  obstinate that's not true i don't want the same things he wants and that's
one  of the reasons why there's a meaningful difference
political  philosophy
organizing  method of what
now  it's going to be a really long video if i get into a contrast
but  look ye i spent the last year proximity
learning  the chinese line
that  already puts me on a very different part
someone  like airy robe
for  better or worse what can i do for the future
we  speak the
pretty  well forgot a seven months of it
a  motor
a  former scholar of buddhism i have like ten years of
living  in these parts an i have a different perspective i have experienced with first
i  was enrolled as a student at the different perspective i have a different set of political priorities
and  no one not i'm not trying to do
i  emphatically i'm not trying to do what garrick did
i'm  not trying to get into his
and  you know my perspective on this ultra self pitying view
of
someone  who sacrificed his life
you  know i didn't sacrifice my life to learn the lochan language so
speak  while pretty well when i go back to thalanna going to be speaking tie with a low should accept inesella
with  a tacit because it'll be in the northern talland where those languages really kind of overlap and intermingle
elise  would much
very
so  ridiculous and so pompous and so helping it or to suggest to you that
i  sacrifice
the
is  what it is i had a period of my life where i literally swept
in  a bamboo hut underneath a mosquito net in a malaria poverty stricken
area  where people were starving that seasonal starvation working for a charity the hand on secrets
urging  people and i was learning to languages with no teacher i never had
a  teacher for lothar i never had a teacher for polly pollination language
that  philosophy is written in it's a canonical language it's like learning
and  now what i think you know it costs you cost me ten years
of  my life i can't get back i can't get back those years i spent working on land and cambodia
why  would you portray this in terms of murder
on  some deep level i mean this is a christian culture expectation you're
not  describing him in terms of his accomplishments
and  i think he has
the  other brute
like  i do would be like instead of my describing you would i accomplished
doing  the human
what  i accomplished handing out sax of rice to some starving people being a part of that
project  learning a lot of agriculture living on a farm learning about farming sing
the  reality of farm conditions and that third wolcott learning a lot about politics and history
learning  a lot of languages those are the positive accomplishments but yeah if i want to be a self
pitying  as i can talk to you about how sleep the pride that
and  the noise pollution and the guy literally sleeping across the hall from me the next room
down  the hall he got malaria while i was there and that my life was in danger and there were unexploded
bombs  there was
you  know land mines and unexploited ordinance yet there were real dangers yet like
the  what what's the point of describing that in this ultrawave how much i suffered
and  how my life was in danger that that's not the point but for you i'm trying to challenge
you  on this
you  are seeing this in terms of gary yours as christ
on  the cross
and  there is just no truth to that garry you obey was a travelling comedian
and  a traveling salesman for began
he  wanted to live his drinking back an he was a part time school teacher part
time  substitute
and
he  got enough notoriety and as he says himself a small number of wealthy don
a  small number of rich people put the money in his pockets so that he could live his
and  just a few days ago he decided that that dream was a nightmare because too many
beans  are passives i
he  can't stand answer email from
so  he had the opportunity of a lifetime and to him repeatedly
he  flashed it down the toilet repeat
that  is the story
of  garry
towards  the end she says
speak  of gary blaming others but you yourself are nothing but negative towards the movement
not  true at all
even  within the city for on positive opposite but as with the movement that i think are positive
my  criticisms full of saying this is a good direction this is a bad direction the wastage examples
garry's  not one of them
she  says if you even have a tenth of the influence the garish in the last years in your lifetime
well  you know there are different kinds of iron
people
gary  rose influence the lot of people in a shallow way and what i do
is
people  in a
i  got some messages
you  know email chatter back at
from  younger guy in europe and he at first he
was  actually just asking me for advice of a learning
even  think i would studying chinese who is giving some technical advice
approach  that and what schools he could roll it
he  wanted to augment
in  the other conversation about the attentat topic
he  said to me look i might as well mention
i've  watched every single video
and  the ones that i really found interesting are intellectually come
i've  seen multiple times
you  have profoundly reshaped the way i think about politics the way i talk about both
i  think about philosophy
impacted  that
and  my videos are
sit  there and think how now that's not the only person to say
i  had quite a number of people right in and tell me what the profound way in which i am fast
and  i have more than five hundred videos on this channel on all kinds of different topics from cambodia
to  canada
deep  and shooting and romance poetical
well  you know there are a lot of people who have been profoundly influenced by this than
there  are some people who get the message of this
and  then they hang up the phone
and  they get on with their lives and i respect that
there  are people from the channels and really mean
they  just saw three or four videos on one topic said wow it changed their direction their
lives  and now that cause they're
whether  that was changing the garter direction
began  activism changed their direction in terms of another topic totally in politics
or
you  know made them look at their assumptions
feeding  dead cows to their pet cat where their dog were leather shoes are
people  becoming began haddon
so  different people are aiming for different types of
of  one on aiming for
the  type of influence i'm capable of
because  my channel is not active
my  channel is just opening the door and sharing my real life
certain  types of influence i can have
when  that is your ma when this is for me at the end of a day at four hours
taught  university class for
is  what i've got to
come  right in a story book i thought began ism of the unchilded
story  book in chinese translating into english japanese german getting it ostrogoths
what  i've got to give
okay
and  that's one of the reasons why i am never going to burn out the way gary rose
i  have that kind of self
right
i  know what i've got to give
i'm  not going to
i'm  not going to give you more and then you know ran out of
a  murder in complete
as  if i suffered at of all proportion that my suffering oh i stayed at
twenty  different how were johnson hotels i used to sleep in the days anally really gary
well  she that sounds terrible being paid
being  paid by doors
having  all your living expenses traveling for so you can travel around merica and
travel  around the world talking about begins
and  you have a murdered incomplete with that you think the poem is you've suffered so much and your
audience  fails to appreciate you
to  gilroy's exactly what i said in the title that it
a  delusional
self  pitying
hypocritical  bitter broken
and  he's a bad example for any one to fall in the vegan
he  is only an example of
so  what have you said and my own part is neither humility
nor  fusibility no bragging nor boasting
i  say i know what i've got to give
whether  it's the story book or coming on cameron all you the
and  i'm not going to try to give more out of a reckless or self destructive
murdered
and  then i'm not going to complain about it afterwards oh i feel this is
giving  us position feel said the beauties the bridge why you complain to me
that  i don't appreciate
he  is provisionment as full of passengers
who  were in appreciating him while the man you got a tough road too and these
people  who don't appreciate you they were paying your bills they were paying for you to travel in sleep
in  hotels the ireena estate in five states may be stated at the periscope
out  of a may be stated in three states
you  did sleep in a
a
of  any social or
directive
has
and  this email from an anonymous critic wraps up by
garry  is not perfect
far  from it
gary  is not perfect
right
to  be holding me to a much higher
i've  never said anything as bad as what garry said even quoted in my last video
and  you can look at it side by side i mean you can look at me
criticizing  dere and wider because i think he makes a misleading claim when during
other  says that he's cured comes disease i think that's misleading when freely the banana girl
says  you can eat unlimited calories with ogni weight i think that's misled you can
you  can say i'm really terrible person for doing all that fine and you can put that side by side with garry
screaming  out we want to murder
all  right sure dere is not perfect neither am i i notice
that  you pulled him to much more standard ah then you hold me and
she  then says for people like you to criticize him as if you are holier than thou
is  disgraceful
a
look  yes i was a scholar of button for boat
holier  than that
is  a real part of my
okay
i  am some one was engaged in
literally  have to sit down and
i  represent terror that it worth
i  represent the correct
in  that passage about
and  the doll lama is
and  we have to sit down and talk to people and explain to them why japanese buddhism
corrupt  and decadent
and  in moral
and  if you go back and read the more ancient
that  kind of criticism i can direct the war
to  pay i can direct towards to bet i can direct words all the various
forms  of votes that from an orthodox but its perspective
are  immoral and indeed unholy
i  have had those debates
with  his monks in business
with  academics and universities and yet sometimes you literally criticizing the
dollar  and you are literally being holier than thou
your  point is to say i represent holiness and he represents an unholy
or  immoral
right  i'm not really afraid of that i'm not afraid to take it that
and  if you really asking me which you don't ask but if you take this insult and turn into question
do  i feel that my approach to began
morally  superior
to  that of garry rosky
my  answer is yes
absolutely  no agitation
in  terms of the philosophy of the morality of it or very different ways we eristical
look  at this categorized
do  i think my approach the while like management approach
superior  to in a technical sense in a philosophical sense or political sense is it superior
to  garrison to will toddle to ariosto yes
i  think i'm asking the right at the right question
and  i think i'm giving the right answers to a whole series
challenging  difficult questions within the movement to day and the curtain of the future
with  you do i think i have a better methodology yes
and  morally and ethically to i think my approach and what i preach enter
it's  better than margaret yes
how  i seen garioch harm people
and  again i can see that about during miter and other people
where  these people what their preaching
no  harm
it  is really negative emperor people's lives and i've known enough of the gondomar enough now
that  i've seen
who  really been hard but what this guy as
so  you know
if  your point is to state
you  feel i am
holier  than that
would  i have to say is
polite  about it as possible
a  garrote
i  mean he's
you  really calling me holy thou in contrast to gary rocky
the  contrast is not to be clinton
so  your point is compared to garros
i  am too self confident i am to receive if not diplomatic enough
not  self effacing i would compare to gurowski
yes  it does you manoeuvre a coloration
for  your comparison my motorcar rocky
and  you are claiming that i am more egotistical and i am more judgmental
the  garrison
you  think there's been any one in this game
more  judgmental
mortification  really really though
oh  garry rose i'm so glad that your
good
so  rapid the video i think are second last sent
to  say gary robe is not a politician you are
it's  a come
but  i got bad news for
as  they said forty five minutes ago in this idea
his
political  philo
his  politics for the falling fundament
if  i just decided to go began as a matter of personal purity or
then  it's equivalent
cutting  smoking is not a political movement
but  if i decide that for the future of the planet for the future of the animals on the
whatever  reason for whatever ethical reason if i decide you know what it's
not  just about me it's not about my personal or
it's  not about my person
i  want every one to
i  want as many people as possible to
i  don't just want me to quit
i  want every one to quit
therefore  the
to  be a personal struggle
because  it has its eyes fast on the
social  and cultural
and  that cultural change
the  imports
you  can claim
for  gary rosky you can claim that he
the  truth is
walking  through
god  damn awful
if  you can pimentels bad if you compare him to bill clinton
if  you compare what he accomplished in his decades long career to what per
if  you compare those to
garry  arose
pathetic  foot